Update troubleshooting doc with StatefulSet (#1896)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/troubleshooting.asciidoc

[id="{p}-describe-failing-resources"]
=== Describe failing resources

> If an Elasticsearch node does not come up, it's probably because Kubernetes cannot schedule the associated Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Elasticsearch node does not come up, it is probably because Kubernetes cannot schedule the associated Pod.
```

> If an Elasticsearch node does not come up, it is probably because Kubernetes cannot schedule the associated Pod.

Reviewer 2: If an Elasticsearch node does not start up

> Start by looking at the StatefulSets to check that the current number of replicas match the desired number of replicas.

Reviewer 2: Check the StatefulSets to see if the current number of replicas match the desired number of replicas.

> Start by looking at the StatefulSets to check that the current number of replicas matches the desired number of replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by looking at the StatefulSets to check that the current number of replicas match the desired number of replicas.
```

[source,sh]
----
kubectl get statefulset

NAME                              DESIRED   CURRENT   AGE
elasticsearch-sample-es-default   1         1         4s
----

> Next, check the Pod status: if a pod is not `Running` after a few seconds, something is wrong:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, check the Pod status. If a pod fails to reach the `Running` status after a few seconds, something could be preventing it from being scheduled or starting up:
```

[source,sh]
----

> kubectl get pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl get pods -l elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/statefulset=elasticsearch-sample-es-default
```

> Next, check the Pod status. If a pod fails to reach the `Running` status after a few seconds, something could be preventing it from being scheduled or starting up:

Reviewer 2: Then, check the Pod status. If a Pod fails to reach the `Running` status after a few seconds, something is preventing it from being scheduled or starting up:
